5DDTrRw8


20 years
crowdfunding

Identify his wish
Rush wish-> immediately

15000 dollars for disney trip

wish-> medication takes really good

100,000 children life theatening medical condition/ critical condition

1995-> enterd india

referral from anybody and everybody
even a school going child can refer a child

Comes to hospital -> partner hospital-> mostly government hospital

CSR-> Private hospitals-> 

Did not worry about cost of treatment

700 peadetric doctors refer the child to us

First stakeholder-> doctor

Wish - form -> age, case no, mobile no. of the parent

MW process begins after submitting the form:

second stakeholder: Parents :: parental guidance;; we have to make the parents feel that the doctor feels if he goes through the wish he responds to better medical treatment!
Parent stakeholder

VOLUNTEERS;

Wish granting volunteer: Mother, retired person:
In the morning where opd is happening

Post lunch the doctor talks to the parent


Make a wish staff:

Child's wish has been granted or is it a fresh wish!

What is the wish!

Wish has been granted ---> nam of the child-. doctor ->

find a unique id.. aadhar card, or else name is enough


Impact on the whole family

Vendors who are connected to us.... CSR -> Marketing

Every wish is unique as memorable as possible..


Wish capture-> wish design -> wish anticipation -> wish realisation -> wish effect

Birthday capture...
Child should be attracted.. small gift items acts as ice breaker... <100 bucks

3-18 years



Dialog betweeen volunteer and girl.... discussion can be made in CB!


Capture stage from  discussion ->volunteer and child

... favourite movies.. cartoons... 

hope strength enjoy

permission from doctors about eating .. pizza.. 

girl's birthday

Use ai to get the perfect date for gift granting...

Anticipation -. expecting how things will roll out on the actual day of the event!

Impact of the wish!
Used can marketin tool!




I wish to be!
I wish to go!
I wish to meet!
I wish to have!


WHY????? Find the reason why he wants the wish!

The average cost to grant a wish is Rs.8000!

Make a wish links to other ngo's for other financial !

250 volunteers;

500-700 nvolunteers needded


Social media pages.... market,...


A wish granting V-> a mother or retired-> 2 hours twice a week b/w monday to friday!

App ->CBBBBB----> to understand what

 the volunteer does!


3) A skill based volunteer... web dev, social media....



Email campaigning...6000 emails... Reward recognition.. trrain them..delegat e work to them... Agin CB to delegate work to them!!!
Put work in backend .. display in chatbot
!!

Reg=fresher course-> Orientatioin volunteer_> can be asked on chatbot!
 8 cr / annum --> Budget!
2 new offices in patna.. financial bandwidth needed..
 Donor base... Chatbot!!

2) A wish organiser -> Sunday, Saturday!!!








Make it popular.. chatbot... vouchers... for doctors.. Credible statement for doctor to ma


Understand progrees of the child? CB--?

Tick box-> I want to be present when the wish is granted!

Plaque..! Thanks for making wishes come true!
 

Google docs????????/


Fundraiser--> integrated wih ketto.

Individuals photo along with micro-website!

30 paid staff! 250 volunters..!


Excite them to come.. reward techniques!

internships for students!


What are the different voluntering oppotunities.. locations..



3rd category : Staff!


Need personal information ---> to understand..


Prioritising tasks software... OS Concepts


Supply vendors... 

Understand the donor... \

make a donation smoothly and fastly!
payment integrtion!!


Less jhanjaht.....

Think about money calculators!

Logistics to connect a billion!

Awareness of fund raising!


DOCTOR
VOLUNTEER ( IMP )
STAFF
DONORS ((IMP ))
					